
Information is everything.  Access to information has revolutionized modern
society.  It has changed the landscape of business and leisure forever.

iobeam offers several benefits to marinas who deploy our wireless internet
access.

iobeam's internet access is 10 to 25 times faster than the typical broadband
connection.

iobeam wireless internet does not require a phone line for each wireless user.

iobeam marinas can recoup the initial setup charges for hardware and
installation within a few months.

iobeam marinas can generate additional revenue from visitors who wish to access
the internet from the marina.

What's Required?

the iobeam wireless service requires an on-site broadband internet connection.
iobeam wireless service also requires the installation of an iobeam Service 
Gateway.


It's easy to get started.

Your iobeam Sales Representative will be there to help at every step along
the way to getting wireless service installed at your facility.

Step 1) A certified iobeam technician will conduct a site survey at the
marina to determine the best placement of antennas and the iobeam service
gateway.

Step 2) If a qualified broadband internet connection is not already present,
one must be installed.  Your sales rep can assist with ordering this
connection.

Step 3) iobeam install technicians will install and configure the iobeam 
service gateway and antennas.



iobeam offers the following marina subscriptions:

iobeam Marina 50 - 
a marina subscription that allows up to 50 wireless users.

iobeam Marina 100 - 
a marina subscription that allows up to 100 wireless users.

iobeam Marina 200 - 
a marina subscription that allows up to 200 wireless users.


Once your facility is installed, you will be given a training session on how
the service works.  You will be issued 50 user subscription certificates to
give or resell to your patrons.  You will also be given a number of retail
products to sell to your visitors who wish to use your iobeam wireless service
during their stay at your facility.


